Product Backlog

As a User I want to be able add developers to a project so that they can all see the scrum board of the current project.

As a User I want to be able to have my own login credentials so that I can have my own account.

**As a User I want to be able to remove people from projects so that we can continue building software efficiently in case a developer isn’t meeting requirements.

As a User I want to be able to change my password so that I can keep my account secure.

As a user I want to be able to be able to create an account so that I can join projects.

As a User I want to be able to view a tab of all projects i'm associated with so that i can keep track of which projects i am working on.

As a User I want to be able to view team members associated to a project, so  that i can see who my colleagues are.

As a User I want to be able to view projects invites so that I can join projects.

----development progress usage----

As a user I want to be able to interact graphically with the scrumboard management software so that I can visualize my session progress.

As a User I want to be able to save my current session progress to the database so that I can save my scrum board successfully in the database.

As a User I want to be able to access past snapshots of the project so that i can revert back to an old save.

As user i want to be able to add time weights to user stories so that we can give the product owner a time frame on when the sprint will be done

As a user  i want to have 5 pre created columns, backlog, sprint backlog, to do, in progress, completed so that i can track progress of project.

*As a user i want to be able to add new columns so that i can add new sprints or other things i need to keep track off

As a User I want to be able to move items from the product backlog to the sprint backlog so that we can plan a sprint.

As a user i want to be able to 

As a User I want to be able to mark tasks as done from a current sprint so that I determine completeness of current sprint

As as user i want to be able to mark user stories in the sprint backlog as completed so that we can keep track of what’s already been done.

As a user/product owner i want to be able to access old sprints so that i can view past information

As a user i want to be able to select a user story so that i can break it down into tasks

As a user i want to be able to add tasks relevant to the selected user story to the to do column so that we can create a list of what needs to be done

As a user i want to be able to specify a percentage for a task so that i can see how much of the user story it represented

As a user  i want to be able to assign members tasks so that they can work on it

As a user i want to be able to see which user is assigned to which task so that i can keep track of the projects

As a user i wan to be able to move a task from to do to in progress so that we can see whats currently being worked on

As a user i want to be able to move a task from in progress to completed so that we can see whats been completed and reassign the member to a new task

As a user i want to be able to view my percentage contribution to a user story so that i can see if im pulling my weight.

As a user i want to be able to update the user story completed percentage so that i can track how much work has been done

As a user i want to be able to mark a sprint as completed so that we can create a new sprint

*As a user i want to be able to clear the task columns so that we can reuse them for a new sprint

As a user i want to be able to load the most current snapshot so that i can get to work right away

As a User I want to be able to view user stories from past sprints so that we can see what we have accomplished.

As a User I want to be able to create a new project so that I can start a new software/project.

---Message board usage---

As a User I want to be able to send messages that will be viewable by everyone involved with the current scrumboard so that communication can be consistent. 

As a User I want to be able to view notifications so that I can keep up to date with current project progress.

As a User I want to be able to view all past messages so that I can track user interactions.

---Product Owner---

As a Product Owner I want to be able to reorder the product backlog so that I can place highest priority items on top.

As a Product Owner I want to be able to edit the User Stories on the product backlog so that I can ensure their accuracy.

As a Product Owner I want to be able to add User Stories to the product backlog so that I can keep software development relevant to my needs.

As a Product Owner I want to be able to remove User Stories from the product backlog so that I can keep software development relevant to my needs.

As a Product Owner I want to be able to view the current Sprint backlog so that I can keep track of the progress of the development team. 

As a Product Owner I want to be able to view the saved snapshots of the scrumboard so that I can track the progress of the development team. 

As a Product Owner I want to be able to view the development team roster so that I know who I am working with. 



For next tuesday
1-      Have a GUI using whatever technology you’ve decided on
2-      Write data to a database
3-      Read data from a database and respond with an action of some sort
4-      Include a working test unit (whatever corresponds to JUnit in your case)

 
QUESTIONS


What type of information would you like each user to input/ have in their account.
What is visible to other people
What is required.
Can we have team members working on different user stories or do all team members work on one user story?
How is task percentage of a user story determined
